# VMware.Horizon.RESTAPI.Model.MachineInfo
## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**AgentBuildNumber** | **string** | The Horizon Agent build number.&lt;br&gt;Supported Filters : &#39;Equals&#39;. | [optional] 
**AgentVersion** | **string** | The Horizon Agent version.&lt;br&gt;Supported Filters : &#39;Equals&#39;. | [optional] 
**AttemptedTheftByConnectionServer** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Names of the Horizon Connection Servers that attempted theft of pairing for this Agent. | [optional] 
**ConfiguredByConnectionServer** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | Names of the Horizon Connection Servers the Horizon Agent is paired with. | [optional] 
**DesktopPoolId** | **string** | The id of the Desktop Pool that the machine belongs to.&lt;br&gt;Supported Filters : &#39;Equals&#39;. | 
**DnsName** | **string** | DNS name of the machine.&lt;br&gt;Supported Filters : &#39;Equals&#39;, &#39;StartsWith&#39;, &#39;EndsWith&#39; and &#39;Contains&#39;. | [optional] 
**Id** | **string** | Unique ID representing machine. | 
**ManagedMachineData** | [**ManagedMachineData**](ManagedMachineData.md) | Information applicable only to Managed Machines. | [optional] 
**MessageSecurityEnhancedModeSupported** | **bool?** | Indicates whether ENHANCED message security mode is currently supported by this machine. | 
**MessageSecurityMode** | **string** | The current JMS message security mode used by this machine.&lt;br&gt;Supported Filters : &#39;Equals&#39;. * DISABLED: Message security mode is disabled. * MIXED: Message security mode is enabled but not enforced. * ENABLED: Message security mode is enabled. Unsigned messages are rejected by Horizon components. * ENHANCED: Message Security mode is Enhanced. Message signing and validation is performed based on the current Security Level and desktop Message Security mode. | 
**Name** | **string** | Name of the machine.&lt;br&gt;Supported Filters : &#39;Equals&#39;, &#39;StartsWith&#39; and &#39;Contains&#39;. | 
**OperatingSystem** | **string** | The guest operating system. * UNKNOWN: Unknown * WINDOWS_XP: Windows XP * WINDOWS_VISTA: Windows Vista * WINDOWS_7: Windows 7 * WINDOWS_8: Windows 8 * WINDOWS_10: Windows 10 * WINDOWS_SERVER_2003: Windows Server 2003 * WINDOWS_SERVER_2008: Windows Server 2008 * WINDOWS_SERVER_2008_R2: Windows Server 2008 R2 * WINDOWS_SERVER_2012: Windows Server 2012 * WINDOWS_SERVER_2012_R2: Windows Server 2012 R2 * WINDOWS_SERVER_2016_OR_ABOVE: Windows Server 2016 or above * LINUX_OTHER: Linux (other) * LINUX_SERVER_OTHER: Linux server (other) * LINUX_UBUNTU: Linux (Ubuntu) * LINUX_RHEL: Linux (Red Hat Enterprise) * LINUX_SUSE: Linux (Suse) * LINUX_CENTOS: Linux (CentOS) | 
**OperatingSystemArchitecture** | **string** | The guest operating system architecture. * UNKNOWN: Operating System cannot be determined. * BIT_32: 32 bit Operating System Architecture. * BIT_64: 64 bit Operating System Architecture. | 
**PairingState** | **string** | Horizon Agent pairing state. * NOT_AVAILABLE: Agent pairing state is not available. * IN_PAIRING: Agent pairing with Horizon Connection Server is in progress. * PAIRED_AND_SECURED: Agent is paired and secured with a Horizon Connection Server. | [optional] 
**RemoteExperienceAgentBuildNumber** | **string** | The remote experience Horizon Agent build number.&lt;br&gt;Supported Filters : &#39;Equals&#39;. | [optional] 
**RemoteExperienceAgentVersion** | **string** | The remote experience Horizon Agent version.&lt;br&gt;Supported Filters : &#39;Equals&#39;. | [optional] 
**State** | **string** | The state of the machine.&lt;br&gt;Supported Filters : &#39;Equals&#39;. * PROVISIONING: The machine is being provisioned. * PROVISIONING_ERROR: An error occurred during provisioning. * WAITING_FOR_AGENT: Horizon Connection Server is waiting to establish communication with Horizon Agent for one of these cases - a virtual machine in a manual desktop pool, unmanaged machine or RDS server. * CUSTOMIZING: The machine which is from an automated desktop pool is being customized after provisioning. * DELETING: The machine is marked for deletion. * MAINTENANCE: The machine is in maintenance mode. Users cannot log in or use the machine. * ERROR: An unknown error occurred in the machine. * PROVISIONED: The machine is powered off or suspended. * AGENT_UNREACHABLE: Horizon Connection Server cannot establish communication with Horizon Agent on the machine. * UNASSIGNED_USER_CONNECTED: A user other than the assigned user is logged in to the machine in a dedicated desktop pool. * CONNECTED: The machine is in an active session and has an active connection to a Horizon client. * UNASSIGNED_USER_DISCONNECTED: A user other than the assigned user is logged in and disconnected from the machine in a dedicated desktop pool. * DISCONNECTED: The machine is in an active session, but it is disconnected from the Horizon client. * AGENT_ERROR_STARTUP_IN_PROGRESS: Horizon Agent has started on the machine, but other required services such as the display protocol are still starting. * AGENT_ERROR_DISABLED: Horizon Agent is disabled. * AGENT_ERROR_INVALID_IP: Horizon Agent has an invalid IP address. * AGENT_ERROR_NEEDS_REBOOT: Horizon Agent needs reboot. * AGENT_ERROR_PROTOCOL_FAILURE: Protocol such as BLAST, RDP or PCoIP is not enabled. * AGENT_CONFIG_ERROR: The Remote Desktop Services role is not enabled on the windows server. * AGENT_DRAIN_MODE: RDS host is configured for drain mode. New connections are currently disabled. * AGENT_DRAIN_UNTIL_RESTART: RDS host is configured for drain-until-restart mode. * ALREADY_USED: The machine is configured to have only one session which is currently in progress and cannot accept new sessions. * AVAILABLE: The machine is powered on and ready for active connections. * IN_PROGRESS: There is a machine operation in progress. * DISABLED: The machine is disabled. * DISABLE_IN_PROGRESS: Disabled Horizon Connection Server still has some Horizon brokered sessions. It can still accept re-connections. * VALIDATING: The Horizon Connection Server is synchronizing state information with the agent. * UNKNOWN: Could not determine the state of the machine. | 
**Type** | **string** | The type of machine.&lt;br&gt;Supported Filters : &#39;Equals&#39;. * MANAGED_MACHINE: The machine is a managed virtual machine. * UNMANAGED_MACHINE: The machine is an unmanaged physical or virtual machine. | 
**UserIds** | **List&lt;string&gt;** | The unique SIDs of the users assigned to the machine.&lt;br&gt;Supported Filters : &#39;Contains&#39;. | [optional] 

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)

